fix: text analysis config and docs (#472)
Telefonica/toolium: docs/ai_utils.rst

    python -m spacy download en_core_web_sm

For OpenAI LLM, you need to set up your configuration in environment variables or include them at toolium configuration,

> that it may depend on the type of access you have (direct OpenAI access or Azure OpenAI):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For OpenAI LLM, you need to set up your configuration using environment variables or include it in the Toolium configuration.
The required parameters will vary depending on your access type (direct OpenAI or Azure OpenAI):
```

    import json

    input_text = "Hey team! Quick heads-up: deployment is done, all checks green."
    text_criteria = [
        "professional tone",
        "clear and concise message",
        "it includes the status of the deployment"
    ]

    # Get analysis (JSON string)
    raw_analysis = get_text_criteria_analysis(
        text_input=input_text,
        text_criteria=text_criteria,
        model_name="gpt-4o-mini",  # optional
        azure=False                 # True for Azure OpenAI
    )

    analysis = json.loads(raw_analysis)
    print(analysis["overall_match"])
    print(analysis["features"])  # Only low-scored features (<= 0.2)

.. code-block:: python

    from toolium.utils.ai_utils.text_analysis import assert_text_criteria

    # Assert text quality against a minimum score
    assert_text_criteria(
        text_input="This message should be short, formal and informative.",
        text_criteria=["formal tone", "brevity", "informative content"],
        threshold=0.75,
        model_name="gpt-4o-mini",  # optional
        azure=False                 # set True for Azure OpenAI
    )

> 

Reviewer 2: después de Usage, añade una sección de Configuration, igual que en 'Text Similarity', para poner las variables de configuración

    AZURE_OPENAI_ENDPOINT=<your_endpoint>
    OPENAI_API_VERSION=<your_api_version>

.. code-block:: text

> [AI]

Reviewer 2: no está bien formateado: https://github.com/Telefonica/toolium/blob/dfc00a183f924da7dc73ee15df158264a9d07ffd/docs/ai_utils.rst
creo que le falta una línea en blanco

text_similarity_method: azure_openai

> sentence_transformers_model: all-mpnet-base-v2

Reviewer 2: esta se podría quitar de este ejemplo
